feat: add catalog instructions (#1178)
freeCodeCamp/contribute: src/content/docs/how-to-create-catalog-items.mdx

---
title: How to create catalog items
sidebar:
  label: How to create catalog items
---

import { Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

Catalog items are standalone learning units (superblocks) that are made from a collection of blocks.
These units could be created from existing blocks, or new blocks, or a mix or both.

:::note

> In the chapter-mocule-block stucture, modules are also a collection of blocks. As a result, existing modules could be easily refrenced and re-arraged into a catalog item without the need to create new block and challenge files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the chapter-module-block stucture, modules are also a collection of blocks. As a result, existing modules could be easily referenced and re-arraged into a catalog item without the need to create new block and challenge files.
```
